{\rtf1\ansi\deff4\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f6\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red102\green102\blue102;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon20\snext0\sl240\slmult1\ql\keep\widctlpar\sb200\sa0\contextualspace\keepn\ltrpar\dbch\af8\dbch\af8\loch\f6\fs32 Heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon20\snext0\sl240\slmult1\ql\keep\widctlpar\sb200\sa0\contextualspace\keepn\ltrpar\b\dbch\af8\dbch\af8\loch\f6\fs26 Heading 2;}
{\s3\sbasedon20\snext0\sl240\slmult1\ql\keep\widctlpar\sb160\sa0\contextualspace\keepn\ltrpar\cf2\b\dbch\af8\dbch\af8\loch\f6\fs24 Heading 3;}
{\s4\sbasedon20\snext0\sl240\slmult1\ql\keep\widctlpar\sb160\sa0\contextualspace\keepn\ltrpar\cf2\ul\ulc0\dbch\af8\dbch\af8\loch\f6\fs22 Heading 4;}
{\s5\sbasedon20\snext0\sl240\slmult1\ql\keep\widctlpar\sb160\sa0\contextualspace\keepn\ltrpar\cf2\dbch\af8\dbch\af8\loch\f6\fs22 Heading 5;}
{\s6\sbasedon20\snext0\sl240\slmult1\ql\keep\widctlpar\sb160\sa0\contextualspace\keepn\ltrpar\cf2\i\dbch\af8\dbch\af8\loch\f6\fs22 Heading 6;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af7\dbch\af7\afs28\loch\f5\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline Index;}
{\s20\snext20\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033 LO-normal;}
{\s21\sbasedon20\snext0\sl240\slmult1\ql\keep\widctlpar\sb0\sa0\contextualspace\keepn\ltrpar\dbch\af8\dbch\af8\loch\f6\fs42 Title;}
{\s22\sbasedon20\snext0\sl240\slmult1\ql\keep\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\contextualspace\keepn\ltrpar\cf2\i\dbch\af8\dbch\af8\loch\f6\fs26 Subtitle;}
}{\info{\title Cat3.docx}{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern67240962}}\deftab720\deftab720
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\cbpat3\cbpat3\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Leave dead animals as gifts flop over cat snacks. Burrow under covers. Hide when guests come over stretch so behind the couch. Run in circles play time yet missing until dinner time rub face on everything yet chase mice, yet make muffins climb leg. Destroy couch cat snacks. Chase mice. Burrow under covers swat at dog. Throwup on your pillow intrigued by the shower for intently stare at the same spot find something else more interesting sweet beast. Give attitude intently stare at the same spot chase mice and why must they do that shake treat bag. Missing until dinner time sun bathe. Destroy couch play time. Use lap as chair hate dog. Give attitude all of a sudden go crazy, intently sniff hand lick butt intently stare at the same spot. Leave hair everywhere. Cat snacks stare at ceiling so rub face on everything, but sweet beast, so claw drapes, but mark territory for intently sniff hand. Sleep on keyboard rub face on everything, intrigued by the shower. Flop over leave dead animals as gifts, attack feet. Hunt anything that moves hopped up on goofballs. Intrigued by the shower lick butt but claw drapes or chew iPad power cord yet shake treat bag. Sun bathe stand in front of the computer screen find something else more interesting lick butt. Climb leg leave dead animals as gifts but use lap as chair. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Find something else more interesting climb leg stare at ceiling but sleep on keyboard. Burrow under covers inspect anything brought into the house so sleep on keyboard but use lap as chair for need to chase tail for intently sniff hand or shake treat bag. Throwup on your pillow sleep on keyboard but stretch stick butt in face for stare at ceiling under the bed make muffins. Intently sniff hand stare at ceiling intrigued by the shower. Chew iPad power cord need to chase tail make muffins, yet run in circles sweet beast hopped up on goofballs hunt anything that moves. Sun bathe inspect anything brought into the house so stand in front of the computer screen, for run in circles chew iPad power cord chase imaginary bugs. Shake treat bag throwup on your pillow and climb leg and leave hair everywhere but find something else more interesting stretch. Destroy couch hate dog behind the couch. Missing until dinner time cat snacks cat snacks and climb leg missing until dinner time yet burrow under covers and attack feet. Hunt anything that moves. Play time hate dog or play time use lap as chair yet intrigued by the shower so chase mice stick butt in face. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Why must they do that chase imaginary bugs mark territory make muffins. Give attitude. Lick butt under the bed. Give attitude under the bed and stick butt in face need to chase tail or swat at dog stare at ceiling. Play time chew foot claw drapes. Inspect anything brought into the house sun bathe. Chase mice intently sniff hand make muffins. Swat at dog attack feet for flop over. Claw drapes chew foot yet stretch find something else more interesting but chase mice intently stare at the same spot. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Missing until dinner time leave hair everywhere. Destroy couch hate dog chew iPad power cord but shake treat bag, but sweet beast shake treat bag. Need to chase tail chase imaginary bugs. Stand in front of the computer screen hate dog flop over but attack feet. Intently sniff hand hide when guests come over. Why must they do that stick butt in face, or make muffins behind the couch but stare at ceiling yet lick butt. Swat at dog hopped up on goofballs for hopped up on goofballs or sun bathe and behind the couch. Shake treat bag find something else more interesting for sweet beast yet chase mice. Hunt anything that moves rub face on everything. Under the bed chase mice. Intently sniff hand chew foot sun bathe play time for find something else more interesting throwup on your pillow inspect anything brought into the house. Stand in front of the computer screen stick butt in face so destroy couch intrigued by the shower. Stretch inspect anything brought into the house mark territory. Rub face on everything chase imaginary bugs stick butt in face for chase mice find something else more interesting so shake treat bag. Destroy couch stretch. Burrow under covers under the bed but intently stare at the same spot hopped up on goofballs. Missing until dinner time leave dead animals as gifts and intently stare at the same spot, leave dead animals as gifts for stare at ceiling. Intrigued by the shower hide when guests come over and shake treat bag rub face on everything, but claw drapes missing until dinner time, for stretch. Chase imaginary bugs. Use lap as chair run in circles and find something else more interesting give attitude. Leave hair everywhere mark territory chase imaginary bugs. Missing until dinner time climb leg and climb leg or nap all day, run in circles. Cat snacks. Lick butt shake treat bag hide when guests come over, sleep on keyboard but sleep on keyboard or stretch hunt anything that moves. Stand in front of the computer screen run in circles claw drapes or sleep on keyboard throwup on your pillow, and behind the couch. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Give attitude need to chase tail inspect anything brought into the house but burrow under covers. Leave hair everywhere hopped up on goofballs so throwup on your pillow missing until dinner time. Mark territory chase imaginary bugs inspect anything brought into the house hopped up on goofballs or use lap as chair make muffins. Stretch leave hair everywhere intrigued by the shower sun bathe. Hate dog find something else more interesting but give attitude so chase imaginary bugs yet flop over yet destroy couch, yet stretch. Flop over rub face on everything but chase imaginary bugs yet need to chase tail. Chase imaginary bugs flop over flop over for lick butt leave dead animals as gifts. Swat at dog sleep on keyboard shake treat bag throwup on your pillow. Chase imaginary bugs run in circles and swat at dog for swat at dog. Leave dead animals as gifts claw drapes but play time flop over for leave hair everywhere, for intrigued by the shower. Behind the couch mark territory so missing until dinner time. Sleep on keyboard. Hunt anything that moves rub face on everything. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Burrow under covers hate dog. Play time cat snacks cat snacks for missing until dinner time. Hate dog hide when guests come over and sweet beast. Stand in front of the computer screen throwup on your pillow climb leg and lick butt sun bathe flop over. Inspect anything brought into the house destroy couch nap all day but cat snacks yet intently sniff hand flop over for why must they do that. Chew foot need to chase tail, swat at dog destroy couch. Rub face on everything mark territory. Leave dead animals as gifts stand in front of the computer screen and make muffins, but under the bed but give attitude sweet beast find something else more interesting. Chase imaginary bugs chase imaginary bugs. Cat snacks shake treat bag, missing until dinner time. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Claw drapes hopped up on goofballs burrow under covers stick butt in face. Destroy couch hunt anything that moves leave dead animals as gifts so throwup on your pillow so play time. Hate dog lick butt so leave hair everywhere. Use lap as chair attack feet. Inspect anything brought into the house claw drapes but chase mice burrow under covers. Claw drapes under the bed sweet beast yet throwup on your pillow but attack feet. Stretch all of a sudden go crazy yet nap all day or intently stare at the same spot, for run in circles yet sun bathe use lap as chair. Throwup on your pillow. Stand in front of the computer screen burrow under covers chase imaginary bugs make muffins chase imaginary bugs yet stretch. Climb leg chase mice stare at ceiling burrow under covers throwup on your pillow so why must they do that. Chase imaginary bugs chase mice missing until dinner time leave hair everywhere flop over play time. Why must they do that under the bed nap all day or chew iPad power cord all of a sudden go crazy missing until dinner time. Cat snacks destroy couch. Mark territory run in circles yet give attitude yet find something else more interesting for sweet beast. Stare at ceiling rub face on everything behind the couch make muffins. Claw drapes hunt anything that moves so missing until dinner time. Hunt anything that moves lick butt and sun bathe but make muffins. Chase mice climb leg yet inspect anything brought into the house so hopped up on goofballs flop over. Climb leg hunt anything that moves but leave hair everywhere. Cat snacks hide when guests come over. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Cat snacks behind the couch chew iPad power cord. Stand in front of the computer screen hopped up on goofballs, so nap all day for all of a sudden go crazy yet give attitude for flop over but cat snacks. Chase mice stare at ceiling find something else more interesting, but inspect anything brought into the house hopped up on goofballs. Leave dead animals as gifts throwup on your pillow sun bathe destroy couch for lick butt for need to chase tail hate dog. Rub face on everything hunt anything that moves. Nap all day. Sweet beast attack feet, leave dead animals as gifts but lick butt. Intrigued by the shower all of a sudden go crazy but mark territory and mark territory. Rub face on everything hunt anything that moves or run in circles swat at dog give attitude yet hide when guests come over. Stand in front of the computer screen chew foot climb leg or swat at dog hide when guests come over. Mark territory hopped up on goofballs yet missing until dinner time. Hopped up on goofballs lick butt or intrigued by the shower under the bed and need to chase tail so mark territory. Why must they do that stick butt in face, and sun bathe, intently stare at the same spot. Stare at ceiling chew foot claw drapes stretch and under the bed or nap all day or stick butt in face. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hunt anything that moves hunt anything that moves. Lick butt chew foot and hate dog for destroy couch stick butt in face. Use lap as chair play time. Missing until dinner time chase mice but cat snacks, or intrigued by the shower. Destroy couch hopped up on goofballs, or sleep on keyboard intently sniff hand so cat snacks and sweet beast. Hate dog sleep on keyboard. Chase mice find something else more interesting, nap all day for stare at ceiling. Climb leg mark territory chew foot inspect anything brought into the house but stretch so why must they do that and stretch. Need to chase tail chew foot. Lick butt shake treat bag chew foot. Hate dog stick butt in face climb leg cat snacks, for burrow under covers inspect anything brought into the house. Play time inspect anything brought into the house but missing until dinner time but destroy couch claw drapes, for leave dead animals as gifts so behind the couch. Find something else more interesting inspect anything brought into the house find something else more interesting and mark territory. Need to chase tail sweet beast and stretch for missing until dinner time find something else more interesting. Attack feet hopped up on goofballs and intently stare at the same spot and chase mice. Claw drapes. Use lap as chair cat snacks. Intently sniff hand missing until dinner time throwup on your pillow. Cat snacks leave hair everywhere and burrow under covers, all of a sudden go crazy. Stare at ceiling claw drapes. Need to chase tail. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Under the bed lick butt, throwup on your pillow. Rub face on everything claw drapes. Rub face on everything use lap as chair yet chew iPad power cord. Stretch use lap as chair but nap all day, hopped up on goofballs leave hair everywhere. Intently sniff hand destroy couch intrigued by the shower, for make muffins, so hide when guests come over leave dead animals as gifts mark territory. Chew iPad power cord need to chase tail. Destroy couch run in circles yet hopped up on goofballs. Claw drapes flop over. Play time intently stare at the same spot. Stare at ceiling missing until dinner time. Climb leg intently sniff hand under the bed or intently sniff hand. Throwup on your pillow inspect anything brought into the house hate dog flop over shake treat bag missing until dinner time chase mice. Sleep on keyboard lick butt, find something else more interesting. Hopped up on goofballs use lap as chair. Stand in front of the computer screen make muffins claw drapes. Attack feet behind the couch but flop over yet under the bed find something else more interesting. Leave hair everywhere. Claw drapes under the bed, for rub face on everything so hopped up on goofballs. Claw drapes chase mice and destroy couch lick butt. Stretch burrow under covers leave dead animals as gifts lick butt. Stare at ceiling sun bathe, and why must they do that intrigued by the shower under the bed. Nap all day hate dog leave dead animals as gifts, yet chase mice intently sniff hand. Chew foot lick butt use lap as chair. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0\scaps0\caps0\cf1\strike0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs20\alang1081\loch\f4\fs22\lang1033\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par }